[Music]
Charlie rone and her family are tied up
by a masked perjure he taunts them with
his purge playlist and then tells them
they will play a final purge game called
mommy's choice he then proceeds to kill
the rest of Charlie's family and leaves
her as the only survivor 18 years later
Rowan is a u.s. senator campaigning for
the US presidency promising to end the
annual purge nights former police
sergeant Leo Barnes is now head of
security for Rowan the new founding
fathers of America's leader
Caleb Warren's and their candidate
Minister Edward Owens view Rowan as a
threat and decide to revoke immunity on
government officials during the purge
watching the presidential debate our
deli owner Joe Dixon his assistant
Marcos and EMT Laney Rucker a pair of
teenage girls enters the store and
shoplifts only to be cornered by Joe the
girls mock Joe until Lainie intervenes
at which point they surrender their
stolen goods and leave Joe Lolita
receives a phone call stating that his
insurance premiums for purge coverage
have been raised beyond his
affordability Joe decides to guard his
store himself despite Marcos and Lanie's
please not to murder tourism booms the
economy due to tourists visiting the
United States to join in on the purge on
the night of the purge Joe guards a
store and has joined by Marcos and
together they manage to repel an attack
by the teenage girls Laney and her
partner dawn patrol the city in an
ambulance providing medical care to the
wounded Rowan decides to wait out the
purge from her home rather than a secure
location to secure the vote and is
accompanied by Barnes chief Cooper Eric
and additional security forces however a
betrayal by chief Cooper and Eric allows
a paramilitary force led by Earl Dan's
injure to kill the security detail and
invade the house
Barnes escorts the senator to safety but
is wounded in the process he detonates a
bomb in the house killing Eric and chief
Cooper Barnes and the senator attempt to
seek shelter but are ambushed by a gang
of perjures and taken captive before
they are executed Joe and Marcos kill
the gang having seen the perish plight
from the stores rooftop as they take
shelter in the store the teenage girls
return with reinforcements however Laney
runs over their leader and kills the
remaining reinforcements they form a
team and leave her a safer hideout the
team is ambushed by Dan ginger and a
helicopter and seeks refuge beneath an
overpass where in barns realizes they
were tracked by the bullet lodged inside
him and manages to extract it after a
confrontation with large number of Crips
the team helps their lead
injured comrade in return the crips
plant the bullet in another area to
divert the paramilitary team which they
later eliminate the team arrives at an
underground anti purge hideout run by
Dante Bishop Barnes discovers that
bishops group intends to assassinate
Owens in an effort to end the purge a
large group of paramilitary forces
arrives to the hideout looking for
Bishop Barnes and Rowin escape back to
the streets and meet Joe Marcus and
Laney who had left the hideout earlier
to return to Joe's store while fleeing
the city the ambulance is hit by Dan
gingers team rone is pulled from the van
by the soldiers before Barnes can assist
he leads the group and bishops team to a
fortified Cathedral where the nffa plans
to sacrifice her before Rowan can be
killed by the nffa the group arrives in
assassinates Warren's causing a shootout
that kills the entire congregation
except Owens and another nffa at
loyalist Harmon James who escaped Owens
is caught by bishops group who still
intends to kill him but roan manages to
persuade them to spare him the remaining
paramilitary forces arrive killing
Bishop and his team Dan's injure and
Barnes engage in a melee which ends with
Dan's injures death as Rowan and the
team free the imprisoned purge victims
James emerges and kills a released
prisoner Joe shoots him but as fatally
wounded before dying Joe asks Marcos to
take care of his store two months later
Rowan wins the election in the landslide
while Barnes appointed the new director
of The Secret Service Marcos and Laney
renovates Joe's store and continue to
run it in his memory a news report then
states that nffa supporters have staged
violent uprisings across the country in
response to election results
[Music]
[Applause]